Add duckdb support (#1695)
astronomer/astro-sdk: python-sdk/docs/astro/sql/operators/load_file.rst

.. note::
   We do not support loading Unicode data to SQL Server due to limitations on the underlying ``pymssql`` library

Loading to Duckdb
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> ``load_file`` can load data to duckdb. If the database file is not specified in connection, it will be created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``load_file`` can load data to duckdb. If the database file is not specified in the connection, it will assume the user is using an in-memory duckdb. For more information about the supported files, check the [official documentation](https://duckdb.org/docs/extensions/overview.html).
```

Author: https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk/pull/1695/commits/e09109bc9c1daa83b99b36608ed066ef95a2e3e4

> (the file extension may be .db, .duckdb, or anything else). The special value :memory: (the default) can be used to

Reviewer: What determines the file extension?

Reviewer: It may be worth to highlight that the value `memory` should be set in the connection, so users don't expect to set it in the `load_file` task itself.

Author: <img width="599" alt="Screenshot 2023-02-02 at 10 03 44 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8670962/216381035-3cf9694d-2f71-4e40-9d9e-e70f21832344.png">
In connections if the file is kept empty it will use `memory`.

Author: @tatiana these are the supported extensions: https://duckdb.org/docs/extensions/overview.html

Reviewer: @sunank200 thanks, based on what you wrote - we may want to rephrase the paragraph - please, take a look at the suggestion :)

Author: Done https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk/pull/1695/commits/e09109bc9c1daa83b99b36608ed066ef95a2e3e4

> create an in-memory database. Note that for an in-memory database no data is persisted to disk (i.e. all data is lost when you exit the Python process).

Reviewer 2: what's the behavior like if you load a file into duckdb and the next task gets executed on a different worker? somewhat separately, what's the behavior like for `load_file` with sqlite? I'm a bit concerned about the case where things get executed on separate workers if you're storing data in tmp storage or in memory

Author: Users have the option to set a host if they want to use shared database file locations across workers. This is similar to the sqlite database.

With `:memory:` no data is persisted to disk (i.e. all data is lost when you exit the Python process).
